Update and revise README (#15)
glencoesoftware/qupath-extension-omero-web: README.md

If microservices are not available, then the standard OMERO web API is used. In this case, only uint8 images with 3 or fewer channels are supported.

> **Important!**
> 
> The use of the standard web API means that all images are JPEG-compressed.
This effectively means it is most useful for viewing and annotating RGB images 
(including whole slide images), but is not suitable for quantitative analysis 
where JPEG compression artifacts would be problematic.

## Compatibility

The extension is intended for use with **QuPath v0.5 and v0.6**.

**OMERO Plus Support**
While the [QuPath community extension](https://github.com/qupath/qupath-extension-omero) supports similar connectivity methods, this repository is maintained to ensure maximum stability and performance for OMERO Plus environments. It is specifically designed to leverage Glencoe Software's pixel data microservices for high-performance tile retrieval at scale.

## Docs

General documentation for working with OMERO in QuPath can be found at https://qupath.readthedocs.io/en/0.6/docs/advanced/omero.html.

> > **Note:** The official QuPath documentation refers to the standard community extension. While the user installation, interface, and general workflows (e.g., browsing projects, importing images) are similar, this version differs in how it retrieves pixel data (using OMERO Plus microservices when present rather than JSON/JPEG web APIs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The official QuPath documentation refers to the standard community extension. While the user installation, interface, and general workflows (e.g., browsing projects, importing images) are similar, this version differs in how it retrieves pixel data (using OMERO Plus microservices when present rather than the standard OMERO web API).
```

Using the same language as above regarding the `standard OMERO web API`. I am not sure JPEG API makes sense, but open to other language here.

## Compatibility

The extension is intended for use with QuPath v0.5; it is not compatible with earlier QuPath versions.
A *new* QuPath OMERO extension is currently under active development.
The extension is intended for use with QuPath v0.5 and v0.6. 

## Docs

The main documentation for the extension is at https://qupath.readthedocs.io/en/0.5/docs/advanced/omero.html

> ## Installing

Reviewer: Why remove the installation instructions?

> While the [QuPath community extension](https://github.com/qupath/qupath-extension-omero) has recently been updated to support similar features, this repository is maintained to ensure maximum stability and performance for **OMERO Plus** environments using Glencoe Software's microservices.

Reviewer: Two questions:
- Is the first sentence suggesting that we are not incorporating changes from the qupath repository into this fork?
- How about putting the OMERO Plus compatibility piece be in the Compatibility section?

To install the OMERO extension, download the latest `qupath-extension-omero-web-[version].jar` file from [releases](https://github.com/glencoesoftware/qupath-extension-omero-web/releases) and drag it onto the main QuPath window.
## Relationship to Community QuPath Extension

If you haven't installed any extensions before, you'll be prompted to select a QuPath user directory.
The extension will then be copied to a location inside that directory.
This extension is a fork of the original QuPath OMERO extension, maintained by Glencoe Software. 

You might then need to restart QuPath (but not your computer).
While the [QuPath community extension](https://github.com/qupath/qupath-extension-omero) has recently been updated to support similar features, this repository is maintained to ensure maximum stability and performance for **OMERO Plus** environments using Glencoe Software's microservices.

## Docs

> ## Building

Reviewer: Similarly what is the reason for removing this section?

> > **Note:** The official QuPath documentation refers to the standard community extension. While the user installation, interface, and general workflows (e.g., browsing projects, importing images) are similar, the backend connectivity mechanisms and image retrieval differ in this version.

Reviewer: Can you clarify what you mean by "backend connectivity mechanisms" being different? I assume image retrieval is referring to using the OMERO Plus microservices.

## Compatibility

The extension is intended for use with QuPath v0.5 and v0.6; it is not compatible with earlier QuPath versions.

> A *new* QuPath OMERO extension is currently under active development.

Reviewer 2: Maybe outside the scope of this PR, but at some point it may be worth removing this line, and updating the `Docs` section to clarify the difference between what QuPath docs refer to and what is in this repo.

Author: Good point. [ff6ccd7](https://github.com/glencoesoftware/qupath-extension-omero-web/pull/15/commits/ff6ccd7ea648834e9feb0710cd2fe152a171f402) is an attempt at explaining some of the nuances with the different extension versions, some context, updated compatibility version, and pointing to the 0.6 community documentation.
